Fixing need docs #3294 and #3383 (#4355)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/user_manual/processing_algs/qgis/rasteranalysis.rst

  Default: *1*
  
``Reference layer`` [raster] [list]  
  Raster layer used to calculate the centroids that will be used as reference to
  determine zones in the output layer:

  * Input layer
  * Zones layer
  
  Default: *0*
  
Outputs
.......

``Statistics`` [table]
  The output layer contains the following information **for each zone**:

  * m\ :sup:`2`: the area in square map units;
  * Sum: total sum of the pixel values;
  * Count: number of pixels that belong to the zone;
  * Min: minimum pixel value of the raster;
  * Max: maximum pixel value of the raster;
  * Mean: mean of the pixel values;
  
.. _qgisrastersurfacevolume:

Raster surface volume
---------------------
Calculates the volume under a raster grid's surface relative
to a given base level (height). This is mainly useful for 
Digital Elevation Models (DEM).
 
Parameters
..........
``Input layer`` [raster]
  Input raster surface.

``Band number`` [raster band]
  If the raster is multiband, choose the band for which you want to calculate the statistics.

  Default: *1*

``Base level`` [number]
  Value of the level considered as a basis.
  
  Default: *0.0*

> ``Methods`` [enumeration]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``Method`` [enumeration]
```

Reviewer: Should not be plural (only one value can be provided).

  Define the method for the volume calculation.
  
  Options:

  * 0 --- 'Count Only Above Base Level'
  * 1 --- 'Count Only Below Base Level'

>   * 2 --- 'Subtract Volume Below Base level'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * 2 --- 'Subtract Volumes Below Base level'
```

>   * 3 --- 'Add Volume Below Base level'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * 3 --- 'Add Volumes Below Base level'
```

  Default: *1*

``Zones layer`` [raster]
  Raster layer defining zones. Zones are given by contiguous pixels
  having the same pixel value.

``Zones band number`` [raster band]
  If the raster is multiband choose the band that defines the zones

  Default: *1*
  
``Reference layer`` [raster] [list]  
  Raster layer used to calculate the centroids that will be used as reference to
  determine zones in the output layer:

  * Input layer
  * Zones layer
  
  Default: *0*
  
Outputs
.......

``Statistics`` [table]
  The output layer contains the following information **for each zone**:

  * Area (m\ :sup:`2`): the area in square meters;
  * Sum: total sum of the values;
  * Count: number of pixels that belong to the zone;
  * Minimum value: minimum pixel value of the raster;
  * Maximum value: maximum pixel value of the raster;
  * Mean value: mean of the values;
  
.. _qgisrastersurfacevolume:

Raster surface volume
---------------------
Calculates the volume under a raster grid's surface relative
to a given base level (height). This is mainly useful for 
Digital Elevation Models (DEM).
 
Parameters
..........
``Input layer`` [raster]

>   Input raster layer containing elevation data.

Reviewer: Does not have to be elevation data (even if that is probably the most used type of surface that the users will analyse).  It could also be rainfall, amount of biomass, ...
Surface is, in my opinion more neutral.

Author: > I have a few additional comments, and I still think that more of my earlier suggestions should be implemented
Which one is missing?

``Band number`` [raster band]
  If the raster is multiband choose the band for which you want to calculate the statistics.

  Default: *1*

``Base level`` [number]
  Value of the level considered as a basis.
  
  Default: *0.0*

``Methods`` [enumeration]
  Define the method for the volume calculation.
  
  Options:

  * 0 --- 'Count Only Above Base Level'
  * 1 --- 'Count Only Below Base Level'
  * 2 --- 'Subtract Volume Below Base level'
  * 3 --- 'Add Volume Below Base level'
  
  Default: *0*

Outputs
.......

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    * VOLUME: the calculated volume
    * AREA: the area (in square map units)
    * PIXEL_COUNT: the total number of pixels that have been analyzed

```

Reviewer: These three appear as separate outputs (in addition to the HTML file and Table outputs). So they need to be documented. I suggest that these are documented first, and then we can simplify the description of the HTML file and Table output (the Table output description has already been simplified, so what remains is simplifying the description of the HTML file output).
I have used the names of the outputs as they are returned by the algorithm.

Author: I changed the names as returned by 3.6 namely "Volume, m2 and pixel_count".

Reviewer: "Volume" and "pixel_count" are OK.
The code (master) uses `AREA`, not `m2`:
`addOutput( new QgsProcessingOutputNumber( QStringLiteral( "AREA" ), QObject::tr( "Area" ) ) );`
And m2 will be something else if the reference system units is something else (for instance feet).  Have you tested?
This is from the code (master):
`QString areaUnit = QgsUnitTypes::toAbbreviatedString( QgsUnitTypes::distanceToAreaUnit( mCrs.mapUnits() ) );`

> ``Surface volume report`` [html]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``Surface volume report`` (``OUTPUT_HTML_FILE``) [html]
```

Reviewer: Would be nice to include the name of the parameter. This is one way to do it.

Author: I will change as you suggest, but in 3.6, both names appear as  (``OUTPUT_TABLE``).

>   The output report contains the following information:

Reviewer: No need to explain the contents of the report, since what it contains is explained already.

  * Volume: calculated volume;
  * Area (m\ :sup:`2`): square meters of the area;
  * Count: Total number of pixels analized;

> ``Surface volume table`` [table]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``Surface volume table`` (``OUTPUT_TABLE``) [table]
```

Reviewer: Would be nice to include the name of the parameter. This is one way to do it.

    * Area (m\ :sup:`2`): square meters of the area for each pixel class.

.. _qgisrasterlayerzonalstats:

Raster layer zonal statistics
-----------------------------
Calculates statistics for a raster layer's values, categorized by zones defined in 

> another raster layer. See also :ref:`qgiszonalstatistics`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
another raster layer.
.. seealso:: :ref:`qgiszonalstatistics`
```

Reviewer: Should we use the RST `seealso` here, @DelazJ?

Reviewer 2: Up to now, we used a real section entitled ["See also"](https://docs.qgis.org/3.4/en/docs/user_manual/processing_algs/qgis/vectorgeometry.html#id18) in which we ref the other algs.
If we go the sphinx [directive seealso](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/1.6/markup/para.html#directive-seealso) route (I'm not sure I see how it displays) I would appreciate a test beforehand. And it should be placed above the alg title (or at its end?).

Reviewer: The advantage of using it is that people that are used to rst based documentation will recognise it.
I think it renders quite nicely (https://thomas-cokelaer.info/tutorials/sphinx/rest_syntax.html#colored-boxes-note-seealso-todo-and-warnings), but that is a matter of taste. We have used note and warning a number of times (336 and 62).  Anyway, this was only a suggestion.

Reviewer 2: My reply was not a "NO, don't do it!" and anyways there's no veto system here ;). My point was that I don't know how it looks like and would appreciate a preview. Now that it's provided, sure, moving to that would certainly better highlight the related algorithms. Not sure though where would be the best place (at the end or after the main description?)

Reviewer: Yes, it would be nice to have a standard "position" for the seealsos in the algorithm documentation.

``Input layer`` [raster]
  Input raster surface.

``Band number`` [raster band]
  If the raster is multiband, choose the band you want to define the surface.

  Default: *1*

``Base level`` [number]
  Define a base or reference value. This base value is used in the volume
  calculation according to the ``Method`` parameter (see below). 
  
  Default: *0.0*
  
``Method`` [enumeration]
  Define the method for the volume calculation given by the difference between the raster pixel
  value and the ``Base level``. 
  
  Options:
  
  * 0 --- Count Only Above Base Level: only pixels above the base level will add to the volume.
  * 1 --- Count Only Below Base Level: only pixels below the base level will add to the volume.
  * 2 --- Subtract Volumes Below Base level: pixels above the base level will add to the volume,
    pixels below the base level will subtract from the volume.
  * 3 --- Add Volumes Below Base level: Add the volume regardless whether the pixel is above
    or below the base level. This is equivalent to sum the absolute values of the difference 
    between the pixel value and the base level.
  
  Default: *0*
  
Outputs
.......

* Volume: the calculated volume;

> * Area: the area in square raster units;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Area: the area in square map units;
```

Reviewer: "raster units" is not a term with a standard meaning, so I suggest that we use map units.

* Pixel_count: the total number of pixels that have been analyzed;
  

> ``Surface volume report`` (``OUTPUT_HTML_FILE``)[html]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``Surface volume report`` (``OUTPUT_HTML_FILE``)[html]: The output report in html format
  (volume, area and pixel count)..
```

Reviewer 2: This **IS** the parameter/output so let's use the same scheme as others. Not a value/option to be a sub item of a list imho. And as a parameter, its description is below.

Reviewer: @DelazJ, this algorithm has five outputs defined, and this is one of them.  Therefore, it has to be listed as one of the outputs.
Here are the five output definitions in
https://github.com/qgis/QGIS/blob/master/src/analysis/processing/qgsalgorithmrastersurfacevolume.cpp :

>   addParameter( new QgsProcessingParameterFileDestination( QStringLiteral( "OUTPUT_HTML_FILE" ),
>                 QObject::tr( "Surface volume report" ), QObject::tr( "HTML files (*.html)" ), QVariant(), true ) );
>   addParameter( new QgsProcessingParameterFeatureSink( QStringLiteral( "OUTPUT_TABLE" ),
>                 QObject::tr( "Surface volume table" ), QgsProcessing::TypeVector, QVariant(), true, false ) );
> 
>   addOutput( new QgsProcessingOutputNumber( QStringLiteral( "VOLUME" ), QObject::tr( "Volume" ) ) );
>   addOutput( new QgsProcessingOutputNumber( QStringLiteral( "PIXEL_COUNT" ), QObject::tr( "Pixel count" ) ) );
>   addOutput( new QgsProcessingOutputNumber( QStringLiteral( "AREA" ), QObject::tr( "Area" ) ) );
>

Reviewer 2: The round... 😞 
We already hit this issue/discussion with the "climb along lines" alg. I personally don't consider an output hidden in the log panel but this is not the point here. If these are outputs then let's display all of them like outputs have always been, aka \`\`the output\`\`.

>   The output report in html format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ``Surface volume table`` (``OUTPUT_TABLE``)[table]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``Surface volume table`` (``OUTPUT_TABLE``)[table]: The output table
  (volume, area and pixel count).
```

Reviewer 2: ditto

Reviewer: ditto

>   The output table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> .. _qgisreclassifybylayer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _qgisrasterlayerzonalstatistics:
```

Author: Thanks @havatv, I will add the suggestions

> .. _qgisreclassifybylayer:

Author: Thanks. I missed this.

Raster layer zonal statistics
-----------------------------
Calculates statistics for a raster layer's values, categorized by zones defined in 
another raster layer. 

Parameters
..........
``Input layer`` [raster]

>   Raster layer in input

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Input raster layer
```

``Band number`` [raster band]

>   If the raster is multiband choose the band you want to calculate the statistics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If the raster is multiband choose the band for which you want to calculate the statistics.
```

Reviewer: This has to be changed. But not necessarily as I suggest.

  Default: *1*

``Zones layer`` [raster]

>   Raster layer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Raster layer defining the zones
```

>   Raster layer

Author: Zones are defined by contiguous pixels having the same pixel value

``Zones band number`` [raster band]
  If the raster is multiband choose the band that defines the zones

  Default: *1*
  
Outputs
.......

``Statistics`` [table]
  The output layer contains the following information **for each zone**:

>   * Area (m\ :sup:`2`): square meters of the area;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Area (m\ :sup:`2`): the area in square meters;
```

>   * Sum: total sum of the values;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Sum: the total sum of the values;
```

>   * Count: count of how many pixels belong to the zone;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Count: the number of pixels in the zone;
```

>   * Count: count of how many pixels belong to the zone;

Author: Fully agree. I was keeping the consistency with previous docs

>   * Minimum value: minimum value of the raster;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Minimum value: the minimum value in the zone;
```

>   * Maximum value: maximum value of the raster;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Maximum value: the maximum value in the zone;
```

>   * Mean value: mean of the values;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Mean value: the mean of the values in the zone;
```

>   

Reviewer 2: Add a "see also" section and link to the zonal statistics alg? And maybe to some other algs in the page. I think we should not be shy in linking algs together (and there are some possible links in this page). It might help people to find the ones that answers their needs if the one they came for is not appropriate.

Author: ok

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _qgisrastersurfacevolume:

```

Raster surface volume
---------------------
Calculates the volume under a raster grid's surface.

Parameters
..........
``Input layer`` [raster]

>   Raster layer in input

Reviewer 2: Can we expand a bit. I guess eg it should be a 3d raster. I know it's kind of obvious, here...

Reviewer: The raster values defines the surface, so 3D is not relevant here

Author: The saga doc says "this is mainly useful for Digital Elevation Models (DEM)." I can add that quote

>   Raster layer in input

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Input raster layer containing the surface
```

``Band number`` [raster band]

>   If the raster is multiband choose the band you want to calculate the statistics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If the raster is multiband choose the band you want to define the surface.
```

  Default: *1*

``Base level`` [number]

>   Value of the level considered as a basis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Defines a base value - the meaning of this value depends on the ``Method`` (see below).
```

Reviewer: I think my suggested changed will help the users understand what this means - pointing to the ``Methods`` parameter should be particularly useful.

  
  Default: *0.0*

``Methods`` [enumeration]
  Define the method for the volume calculation.
  
  Options:

  * 0 --- 'Count Only Above Base Level'
  * 1 --- 'Count Only Below Base Level'
  * 2 --- 'Subtract Volume Below Base level'

>   * 3 --- 'Add Volume Below Base level'

Author: I will reach Nyall for confirmation.

  
  Default: *0*

Outputs
.......

``Surface volume report`` [html]
  The output report contains the following information:

>   * Volume: calculated volume;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Volume: the calculated volume;
```

>   * Volume: calculated volume;

Reviewer: The units will depend on the raster value units, not the map units.

>   * Area (m\ :sup:`2`): square meters of the area;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Area (m\ :sup:`2`): the area (in square map units);
```

>   * Count: Total number of pixels analised;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Count: the total number of pixels that have been analyzed;
```

>   * Count: Total number of pixels analised;

Author: I saw this, in the qgis help says "analised".. I wanted to keep consistency

>   * Count: Total number of pixels analised;

Reviewer: If there is a misspelling in QGIS help, we should get it fixed. No need to repeat the misspelling in the documentation.

>   * Count: Total number of pixels analised;

Author: IMHO, this is not a misspelling, just EN_UK.

>   * Count: Total number of pixels analised;

Reviewer: Try to look up the word on the Web. It does not mean the same as analysed at all. It has to be changed!

>   * Count: Total number of pixels analised;

Reviewer: The only place I could find "analise" was in the Brazilian and Portugese translations of QGIS messages:
qgis_pt_BR.ts and qgis_pt_PT.ts in https://github.com/qgis/QGIS/tree/master/i18n.
@rosaguilar, can you point me to where you have found "analise" in the English "QGIS help"?

``Surface volume table`` [table]

>   The output table contains the following information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The output table contains the following information (see description above:
```

>   * Volume: calculated volume;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Volume
```

>   * Area (m\ :sup:`2`): square meters of the area;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Area
```

>   * Count: Total number of pixels analised;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Count
```

>   * Count: Total number of pixels analised;

Author: ditto

> Reclassify by layer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _qgisreclassifybylayer:

Reclassify by layer
```
